Hello, Korea!
Welcome.
- We're actually here! - Yeah.
It's a bit surreal.
I'm so excited!
So many things are happening.
- What a day. - What a day. Yeah.
What a day for everyone.
We're driving nicely in Korea...
- Oh my gosh! - Sorry!
- Sorry! - Oh my gosh.
- He thought... - That was close!
- Hi. - Hand me your card.
Sorry, English?
Card, card.
- Card! - Ah, card!
Ah, card!
Okay, wait. I have a card.
Oh, wow.
- Wait, wait, wait. - One second.
What's happening to us?
I thought it would work like an RFID.
- Me too. - Why on earth can't I figure this out?
My gosh.
Ah, okay, he was just asking for a card!
- Just use that, Chef. - Sorry, sorry. I thought...
Sorry.
[Thank you, goodbye] It says "thank you," Chef.
Let's go.
What? What does it say?
It says thank you, "kamsahamnida."
So many things are happening, right?
I know, right?
- Geez. - Hello!
This is the real adventure.
- This is it. - Hey.
It's telling us to go that way.
It's still far, right? Do I just go straight?
[The original path]
[They went the wrong way]
I don't think this is the right way.
It feels like we're going back to Terminal 1.
This is right? With caution...
Go, Chef, push through... this way.
Oh my gosh, okay wait.
My gosh.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
We need rescuing.
So are we going the wrong way?
- I'll stop this, okay? - Yeah.
What's happening to us?
[JP CAM] So, we're in the middle of the road.
In Korea.
First day of shoot, Day 0.
Hit by the barrier because we didn't know that we had to pay.
Well, I didn't know, and we are...
Besides lost in translation, we are lost.
But the weather is great, and the car is nice.
So, what's going to happen?
Oh my God, what was that?
It was just a seat belt. Don't worry.
It's funny how things are unfolding because...
You know, we're just like really rolling with the punches.
I actually don't know what's going to happen next.
- Anyways, going back to Seoul. - Yeah.
We still have an hour, right?
Let's ask Waze.
Oh, "Seoul Welcomes You"!
Hello, Seoul!
Thank you for welcoming us. [Seoul Welcomes You]
There goes the train.
Ah, train!
MRT, LRT.
I guess we're entering the city.
Is this the Han River?
- It's so beautiful. - Isn't it?
- Yep, yep, yep. - We're at the Han River!
We're here!
[After hours of driving]
I think we're here, because this is Gwangjin.
- Yay, finally! - We're home, finally!
We made it!
We're here!
Finally!
It's the best!
We're home!
[Kumusta] [The First Encounter]
[JODI CAM] Hello!
Hi!
Nice, super nice!
Welcome to my room!
So, what I'm going to do now is start unpacking.
So, I'll just study my Korean lessons tomorrow.
For tonight, I think my body deserves to rest.
So, good night!
[D-Day] Today is the day.
So, we're off to the resto!
[Gangnam, Seoul] This is Gangnam area already, right?
There we go.
[I Love Gangnam Style!] Yeah. Good, good.
The first time we're going to see it.
- And we're going to taste the menu. - Yes.
Okay, how are you guys feeling today?
All my emotions are mixed up, Chef.
I'm just wondering if we can like...
Get customers.
- Yeah, we'll see. - Okay.
- We'll do our best. - Yeah, yeah.
You guys can charm them.
And then...
Jessica will...
- Who's Jessica? - Ah, sorry!
- Janella! - Sorry, ma'am.
- Who's Jessica? - Exactly.
Is someone else with us?
Jessica, are you there?
Jessica, move the cup if you're there.
- Francine's face was like... - Who's Jessica?
You know like, Janella...
It's quite impressive for Janella!
I'm going to call you Chef JB.
I'm sorry!
Do you think we're near?
We're relatively near.
It's really a resto area. OMG.
I hope the customers appreciate
Filipino food, Filipino cuisine.
They will, they will.
- Okay. - Okay, guys.
Thank you, Chef-driver!
- Thank you for taking us here safely. - Thank you.
I think it's over there.
You think?
How about you guys? Where do you think it is?
I have no idea.
Here...
Wow!
- Oh my God! - Wow!
Our restaurant!
Wow!
It's beautiful!
Oh my gosh!
It's so cozy.
Kumusta.
- Kumusta. - Kumusta.
Jodi, look, there's also a menu board here.
Oh my gosh.
[Closed] We'll put everything there.
So the presentation should be super nice. [Break Time]
We can flip this!
[Closed]
[Open]
But for now, we're closed.
Kumusta.
It feels warm.
It's inviting.
Wow!
- Guys! - Wow!
Amazing!
[Dining Area] It looks so cozy.
I can't believe it.
It's so warm.
We have so many tables!
How many tables do we have?
Seven groups.
So pretty, look.
Oh my gosh!
The flag!
I love the attention to detail.
I think that's gonna be a good spot for the customers to take selfies.
Yeah. Everything is, like, Instagrammable.
- I love. - Dreamy.
[Bar Counter]
Wine glasses.
The cutlery is nice.
Yes, ma'am. May I take your order?
- What do you have? - I'm sorry, ma'am. We don't have anything yet.
Because we're still closed?
Yes.
- Oh, look! Even our tissue! - Oh my God!
- How about some rocks, ma'am? - I would like some rocks.
It's for good fortune.
Is this the kitchen?
Yes, this is the kitchen.
[Kitchen]
It's like an open kitchen,
So people can actually observe you guys as you work.
- And I see... - I love it.
Love it!
I'm getting goosebumps.
This is a nice kitchen.
Your kitchen is so nice, Chef!
Oh my gosh, this is so...
- Filipino. - Filipino.
It's so Pinoy.
Order for Table 100!
Wait a minute!
- I saw something. - Yeah.
Did you guys see it?
What is it?
- Oh my gosh. - It has our names?
It has our Korean names!
Right.
Welcome!
Hello!
Cute!
So we can really feel the vibe.
Nice! It looks good on you.
Now I'm feeling nervous about serving people
And asking, "What's your order?"
This is our area.
This is our kingdom.
You have to maintain your...
- So, like, sometimes people watch, right? - People will... yeah.
It's like an open kitchen, right?
- So, it's a performance. - Oh my gosh.
- Let's print it right away. - Card.
Okay.
What's "Come back again"?
Here, here, here.
There, "Come again."
It's hard to say.
- Come again. - Come again.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Oh dear.
We'll get through this.
- We can do this. - Okay.
And if we take too long to cook the orders, you guys can perform here.
Distract the customers.
You have to be creative.
Oh yes, we need that.
I wonder what's going to happen inside our restaurant
For the next few days.
What do you think of our uniform?
- Not bad. - "Ipo!"
- What? - "Ipo" means "pretty."
- Pretty. - Pretty.
It's pretty.
- Okay, manager. - Okay.
- So, today will be our opening day. - Okay.
But we have to finish everything, prepare everything now.
We're going to finalize our menu and then how we plan to do the operations.
- Yeah. Okay, so... - The menu.
- For today's menu, we have... - What do you think?
Pork sinigang.
For our mains?
Yeah.
[Pork Sinigang]
Okay. What else can be part of our menu?
Pancit palabok.
[Palabok]
We have chicken inasal.
[Chicken Inasal]
Gising-gising.
[Gising-gising]
Then, after, we have halo-halo.
[Halo-halo]
So we're going to flavor it with ube, and then...
In Korea, they would have kimchi.
So, we have our version.
We have four appetizers.
[Appetizers]
It's like how they do it in Korea.
That they... It's free.
It's a complimentary appetizer.
- Those little small plates. - Okay.
Koreans will kind of relate to it.
[All menu finalized]
You want to do that now?
- Yeah, okay. - We'll do it.
Chef J and J.
J and J.
J and Jayps.
Okay, then let the battle begin.
Let's fight!
- Hey, let's go! - Let's go. Okay.
We'll start with four appetizers. [Start Appetizers]
- Yes, Chef. - Okay?
[Toge Atchara]
Okay, fairly easy.
You mix this and that together in a bowl.
Okay.
Then, just mix.
- That's okay? - Yeah.
Okay, then...
[Clear] That good, so one down.
Next one.
[Adobong Tokwa] Tofu with adobo sauce.
Okay, do you wanna do this?
Okay.
Basically, it's a dice.
- Yeah. - Okay.
It's fun.
Then, this one, I'll kiss it.
Kiss it.
If it calms down, you can leave it.
You got to tease it.
Yeah, there you go.
Kiss it, and if it rises, then go.
Alright, we're good!
- Oop! Sorry! - Oh my God.
Sorry!
This is done.
Okay, do you want to make the adobo sauce?
How, how?
Vinegar, more vinegar.
- Then soy sauce? - Yeah.
And then sugar, chicken powder.
Chef, why is it like that?
- It just did that. - What did you add?
- Sugar. - How did you add it?
- Like this. - Ah, okay.
- It's okay. - It's okay?
Yeah, no worries.
Ah, okay.
Garlic.
You know how to make a slurry, right?
- So that it thickens? - Yeah, so that it coats the tofu.
- Okay. - I'll plate that for you guys.
- What is it? - Tofu adobo.
Ah, tofu.
- Quickly and... - Delicious.
Wow!
- It's crazy. - Okay?
This would be delicious with rice.
It's okay?
We're ready for that.
[Clear]
- The plates... - Let's put some now.
[Table Setting] - Let's put some now. - Okay.
Hey.
I'm getting nervous.
Exactly.
- Jodi. - Chef?
You guys handle the calamansi juice.
Okay.
[Start welcome drink] This one...
Here.
I'll put this here so it doesn't slip.
Do we put water first?
What we can do...
And how much do we put?
So, this is 100...
I think what we can do is
- figure it out by taste. - Okay.
Okay.
- It's lacking. - Wait, let's try it first.
Is it too sweet?
So sour!
Oh, right.
I was there...
We'll add more water.
Wow...
Oh my gosh, my bad, my bad!
Okay.
I got nervous because I poured this in.
I think I can adjust it with...
With the sugar.
Wait, there's more.
Two.
So we'll have to remember...
This was eight.
Okay, the moment of truth.
- Better? - It's still sour.
I think we need to water it down.
Okay.
- Better. - Really?
But it's starting to taste like water.
Really?
So now, let's add some sugar.
Okay, chicken skin.
[Chicken Skin]
Turn it on.
So, you boil it first?
Yeah, boil it first.
I think this is okay?
- Okay, then when you're ready, fry it. - Okay.
Fry it!
Kiss it!
If it rises, you're good to go.
This is good to go.
[Clear]
Then and lastly, anchovies.
[Mango Jam Dilis]
Mango jam.
We will coat these anchovies.
We'll fry the anchovies next.
Okay.
And it's not cooperating...
I'll get some oil here.
Because I do not have time. Whoa!
- Is that normal? - Nah, that's not good.
So, let's kill it.
Then, we turn it off first.
There.
That's...
Okay.
- Not good. - It won't...
- Okay. - It won't go out!
Chill.
Okay, we'll take it away.
Doesn't want to...
Take it away here.
And then, let's throw it.
- J? - Yeah?
- I just need to fry the anchovies here. - Okay.
That's it.
- This one? - Yes.
My hand's full of anchovies.
- Then... - That's fine, right?
That's fine. This is all good now.
Let's just strain it.
Just mix it.
- There. I'll put the anchovies. - Okay, put it.
It's okay.
[Clear]
- It looks nice. - It's fine.
[All appetizers completed]
It's still sour.
This is going to be the last one.
Four.
Five.
I'm going to fix this later.
How is it?
The sugar is coming through now.
What if... Wait.
Let's pour...
There.
And then, sugar.
It's like an experiment.
In science, right?
It's like...
Oh my God.
Will we be able to serve this?
Oh my gosh.
Yes.
There you go, just for...
- So there's something floating in it. - It's pretty.
Okay.
- Okay. - Let's ask Chef first.
Chef?
- Oh, it's good. - Wow!
It's nothing.
[Welcome drink completed]
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Hello?
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello!
- Hello. - Oh, good Lord.
[Choi Hyun Seok - Chef, Secret Guest] - Hi, Chef. - Hello!
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hi, Chef! - Hi, Chef!
- Jodi. - I'm Jodi.
I'm Francine.
- Janella. - Hello, good to see you.
I'm Choi Hyun Seok.
I need to ask your advice.
Then maybe you can just come and eat
- and tell me if it's... - Okay, okay.
- If it's good. - Sure, sure.
Something for you!
This one is Korean culture.
It's an open...
When you open a restaurant, this is the...
Money tree.
Meaning is "earn money."
- Harmony? - Earn money.
[Chef Choi Hyun Seok] Wow!
[Phil so good] "Phil so good."
How to say hello in the Philippines?
- Kumusta! - Kumusta!
Ah, Kumusta.
- Yes. The name. - Restaurant name is Kumusta.
[Kumusta] [0th Customer]
- Please sit. - Yes, thank you.
Would you want water?
- Yeah, just water. - Just water?
- Yeah, yeah. - Okay.
My gosh.
You do it, Jodi. I might spill it on Chef.
Okay.
Thank you, thank you.
Can we try...
- Try the... - Can we try the appetizer?
- Okay, I'll ask Chef. - We'll get it for you, Chef.
Where's the appetizer?
Here, here. Coming, coming. We'll serve it.
Chef is waiting. He wants it now.
Oh, wait, wait.
He says he wants the appetizer now.
Okay, okay.
Sorry, I was just starstruck by him.
When I saw him earlier...
- He's tall, right? - Oh my gosh.
I watched him on "Culinary Wars," so I'm like...
And he's here...
He's the real deal.
Yes, I'm like...
I totally didn't expect this.
That's it, okay?
- So Chef, the appetizer will be out in a bit. - Yeah.
- It is really an honor for you to be here. - Thank you.
We appreciate it.
Thank you. Please don't mind.
Because JP is my friend.
That is so nice of you.
It is good to be your friend.
Okay, we plate together.
Okay.
There.
Okay, just the chicken skin left.
Do I top it?
Yeah, top it.
Let's go. Okay.
Let's go, Chef.
Let's serve!
Let's go out. We do it.
[Service Practice]
- Hello, Chef. - Yeah.
So once again, we would like to welcome you to our restaurant.
So, we are presenting to you,
Specially made by Chefs JP and Janella.
Yeah, yeah.
- I know Korean culture has small plates. - Yeah, yeah.
So that's why we made a Filipino version of it.
- Oh, yeah. - So, all in small plates.
In Korean, it's called banchan.
- Banchan. - Banchan.
- The side dishes. - The meaning is side dishes.
- Yes. - Yeah.
- You explain, Chef. - It's a...
- Pickled papaya. - Papaya?
Pickled papaya with bean sprouts.
- Next one? - We have tofu.
- Tofu? - Tofu.
With adobo sauce.
And then, that's just chicken skin.
- Ah, chicken skin? - Yeah.
- Chicken skin. - With salt.
Then, the next one is anchovies.
- Anchovy? Dried anchovy? - Yeah.
Very similar to Korean.
It's similar, similar.
Usually, when Korean people eat dried anchovies,
We just eat it with alcohol.
Liquor and beer. Makgeolli.
- And then, very similar to Korean. - Very.
Would you like a beer, Chef?
No, I'm good.
- So... - Enjoy!
Yeah.
Here we go...
Wow!
Crispy!
Very tasty.
Traditional Filipino food?
Yes, yes.
I guess, it's going to be popular.
- Korean people will like this. - Really?
I see.
- Very tasty. - Yeah.
We have one more dish, Chef.
- Your not-so-favorite soup. - Main course.
- The sinigang soup. - Oh, yeah?
But we changed it.
- Last time, it was very strong. - Yeah.
Very strong.
Very sour.
So after today, it will be your favorite.
We're claiming it.
- Maybe you should go ahead. - I'll go ahead? Alright.
Chef, we'll go ahead first.
Okay, I'm going to prepare for the sinigang.
[Sinigang]
Let's go!
We need pork stock there.
[Pork neck] So, we have our meat.
[Sinigang] This is pork neck.
[Main ingredients] We do two packets.
- So that's the pork for the pork sinigang? - Yeah.
- So, remember we ate pork neck in Manila? - Yeah, yeah.
So, this is like an interpretation of that dish going to our sinigang.
Ah, so you kind of made it like a fusion.
Then, this is for the seasoning.
All this.
Tamarind. Sinigang.
Maybe... I'd say half.
- Half of this? - Yes.
[Seasoning]
Look. [Tamarind Paste]
Okay, okay.
Then, I feel like it's not enough yet, but...
It's fine, let's take it slow.
[Sinigang Mix]
[Fish Sauce]
[Taro Paste] Add more of this.
To make it thicker?
Okay now, I need you to prepare all the vegetables for the sinigang.
[Eggplant]
[Onion, Radish, Bean, Tomato]
[Vegetables are ready]
The beauty of the sinigang is because...
The broth is good already.
Yeah. Let me give it a taste.
Is it too sour? Because he said it was strong...
- He doesn't like it strong. - Let him be!
- Are you sure? - Yeah.
But let's stand by our...
Let's stand our ground.
But if you think it's good, then...
Personally, I like my sinigang sour, so...
Then stick with your gut.
I like it, but personally, I think he might not.
- It's okay. - That's fine?
Okay.
Okay. It's our culture.
Yes.
Exactly.
[Pork Sinigang]
Okay. Alright, let's go!
It's so pressuring.
Hi Chef, I have the sinigang.
For you, yes.
So...
It looks like the...
This looks like a Korean food.
Yeah. There is a pork backbone stew.
- Yes. - Very popular humble food.
[Korea / Philippines]
Pork neck.
This is sinigang, but instead of just pork cubes,
We made it pork neck.
So, it's similar to pork backbone stew.
So, it's more suitable for you.
But I heard you're not a fan of how strong sinigang is.
So if you like it, then good.
But if not...
You can tell us. It's fine.
Flavor is very similar.
- You can be honest, Chef. - Yeah.
Ah, sour.
It's sour.
- Lemon? - It's a tamarind.
More strong. A little bit strange to Koreans.
- Ah, strange. - Yeah, hot sour soup...
But it's a...
But it's tasty.
- It's better than last... - Better than last time?
- Last time. - Wow.
Maybe, it's too strong for Koreans, but if we remove the...
Without the sour taste, it's just Korean food.
The different point is the sour taste.
A very important point is that you show to Koreans
Traditional Filipino food.
Yeah, Filipino taste.
Very interesting.
Is there anything you would like to adjust?
Don't need to change.
- No need to change? - Yeah.
I'll just go ahead and tell Chef.
- And? - So, he said it tastes better than last time.
But he still found it sour.
But if you remove the sourness of it, it's going to be Korean pork backbone stew.
So don't remove the sourness because that's Filipino style.
Okay. That's good.
- That's good enough. - Yeah.
How about the inasal?
[Inasal]
[Marinade]
[Grill Chicken]
Okay. We get a basting...
Smells good, though.
As we baste the chicken...
Okay. Basting.
There you go.
Wait. Then...
- Oh! - Oh my God!
- Can we still save that? - Yeah.
Lower the heat.
Lower?
There.
Chef, Chef Choi...
Looks like he's going to finish the food.
Okay.
- We're grilling chicken. It takes time. - Okay, okay.
So, we'll have to give him the halo-halo.
- Halo-halo? Okay. - Yeah.
[Halo-halo]
[Add Jelly Underneath] There's nata de coco, jelly.
There's also jackfruit.
[Add Taro Ice] Shaved ice with milk and taro flavoring.
[Add Toppings] We added different ingredients.
Lovely, lovely.
- Oh, alright! - Perfect!
- Okay. - Okay.
[Halo-halo Completed] Good job guys.
Chef, here's your...
Halo-halo.
- Yes. - Halo-halo.
It's different. Korean bingsu is white.
Yes. So we put in taro flavoring called ube.
That's why it's violet.
- Violet? Taro? - Yes.
Taro.
We used fresh milk and condensed milk.
So, Chef, there's like some...
And Chef, we always have it with ice cream.
[A few minutes ago] Good job, guys.
You know what they forgot? Ice cream!
And Chef, we always have it with ice cream.
- What is it? - Ube.
- Purple yam. - Purple yam.
Very tasty.
So many Korean ladies will love this.
Ah, really? So Korean ladies love bingsu?
Chef, there's chicken there.
It's really good, but we're still cooking it.
And Chef, it's their first time working in a restaurant.
- Really? - Yeah.
So they're really tired.
So I made them a halo-halo, so that they can try it as well.
- Thank you, Chef. That's so sweet. - Right.
Thank you, Chef.
Thank you, Chef JP.
Now, we have three customers.
Just gotta make sure it's not burnt.
It looks a bit burnt.
And then...
Is it raw?
I don't think it's raw, though.
How is it?
Is it good or not?
The marinade tastes good, but I don't know if it's cooked inside.
This isn't done yet.
But I feel like this also needs a little more cooking.
Just cook it slowly.
Let's cover it up.
Maybe five minutes. Or two minutes.
[2 minutes later]
I think it's cooked now.
It's still not cooked.
Every time we tried,
It came out burnt and raw inside.
And we couldn't figure out the fire, the grill...
Inasal is so tricky!
Yeah, we have to get the fire right.
The charcoal.
And get to know the grill more.
Very good.
Milk and taro.
- Yes. - Milk and taro.
What is the next dish?
It's called chicken inasal. It's grilled.
- Inasal? - Inasal.
The cooking time is too long.
Usually, Korean people can't wait a long time.
- A long time? Okay. - Yeah.
Maybe if an order takes five or ten minutes,
Then the service is finished.
Have to be faster.
Do you think we should ask them?
- If they're ready with the inasal? - Yeah.
- Do you want me to ask them? - Sure.
Excuse me, Chef.
Francine will just check on the kitchen.
Chef said it's not good to make Korean people wait.
Because their waiting time is usually only 5 to 10 minutes.
Oh, sh*t.
But he's not mad.
- He's just saying that for... - Yeah.
Okay.
Chef said it's not good to make Korean people wait.
- What's this? - Fried chicken.
Well, I'm frying it because I don't have time.
So this is a...
Fried chicken inasal?
[Plan B Fried Inasal]
[Completed]
Hi, Chef. We're actually...
We're supposed to serve you grilled chicken.
But, we're running out of time.
So instead of grilling it, we fried it.
- Ah, it's okay. - Is it okay?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Okay.
It's like Filipino fried chicken.
Oh, Filipino fried chicken.
- So this is not on the menu. - Yeah.
That's just for today.
But yeah.
Okay, okay.
You may try also check the...
Oh, he's eating it.
Crispy.
Okay, okay.
- Alright. - Let's try it together.
So, they're just finishing the grilled chicken because he really wants you to try it.
Oh, yeah.
It's... black.
I really have no hope in this.
It's hopeless.
That grill's hard to use, isn't it?
But I just want him to taste the...
But it's cooked, right?
This will do. I'll give him this piece.
- Chef, this is the original chicken. - Original?
Yeah.
This is the original.
- It's good? - It's better!
- Better than this! - Okay, okay.
It just takes time.
I guess Korean people more...
This one? Okay, okay.
What's your favorite?
Favorite is this one.
Wow.
Okay, we should...
We should perfect it.
That's why I didn't want you to leave without tasting the inasal.
Oh, yeah.
- JP. - Yeah?
- Thank you for the good food. - Thank you, Chef.
Since it has a unique Filipino flavor,
I think Koreans will enjoy the new experience.
Wow. Thank you.
I wish you all the best, and I hope to see you again.
- Thank you, Chef. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Can we have a photo with you?
- Oh, sure! - Yes, please!
If you can see yourself here...
Give me a second. My arm is longer than yours.
That's a good idea!
That's right.
Okay?
Yay!
Thank you, Chef!
- Wow. - What a day.
Koreans, isn't it time for them to get off work?
So we open at what, 5:30?
- At 5:30. - Okay.
- Are you guys ready? - Yes.
Restaurant's officially open!
Oh my God!
Our Day 1.
Day 1.
Fight.
The real Day 1.
A new day.
- Let's hug it. Hug it out. - Yeah!
- So, we have to get ready for service. - Yeah, for 30 minutes.
[NOW 5 PM] - Thirty? - Okay, let's start this.
[30 minutes to go]
Okay. This is enough.
- Wow! - Look at it.
For the first time, I'm going to use it.
- Oh, wait. For the first time? - Yeah.
Just like those shoes or cars you just wanna display and not use.
- Yeah. Is that the one? - Yeah.
But for today, I'll make an exception.
So look, I'm butterflying it.
- Just to... - Make it flatter?
Yeah. So it cooks through to the bone.
Okay. Let me finish this.
This grill is meant for thin meat.
Oh, okay.
I'm not scared of this inasal anymore.
It'll be cooked.
But like... Smoke...
Wow, that's a lot of smoke.
Sorry.
The smoke.
Are you guys okay?
It's really smoky over there.
Water!
Are you guys fine?
- Hello! You want... - Can I have water, please?
- Yes, of course. - Thank you!
Oh dear.
The exhaust wasn't on!
Sorry.
- Chefs! - Thank you.
- Are you okay? - Yeah!
Alright.
- Sorry, I'll do it again. - Okay.
11 minutes to opening!
- Yes, yes. - Okay, sis. [11 minutes to go]
[10 minutes to go]
For now, we'll do six.
[9 minutes to go] Okay.
- So are we good with this one? - Yes, yes.
Hello.
[8 minutes to go] I'm Jodi.
Nice to meet you.
Here are your appetizers.
Check the tables.
[7 minutes to go]
[6 minutes to go] So far, we're complete.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Good Lord, five minutes.
[5 minutes to go]
I don't make garlic rice that doesn't taste good.
[4 minutes to go]
Should I baste the inasal, or no?
- Yeah, please, please. - With this or this?
No, always finish with the annatto oil.
Ah, it's the last.
Three minutes!
[3 minutes to go]
We chop this and then you blanch it in boiling water.
- Nice, nice. - Okay.
If there's ice, shock it.
[2 minutes to go] Two minutes!
I just need the chicken skin and the...
- Yes, ma'am. Got it. - Tofu.
- Tofu for appetizer. - We'll give you the skin now.
[1 minute to go] Okay, opening in a minute.
Okay. Sorry, it's hot.
It's hot.
Ouch!
You were touching this?
- Okay, just keep going. - Oh my God! My skin!
No, just keep going, keep going!
That's really bad.
- Are you okay? - Can you check on her?
- What do you need? - No, I just burnt myself really badly.
- It's okay. - Okay.
Wait, wait. Ah, okay.
- Alright. - This is an emergency.
Ms. Jodi?
- Where do I put this? Here? - Yes, Chef?
This is for you, for the front of the house. For good luck.
- Wow! - I bought this for you guys.
It's incense.
The lemongrass smells so good.
- For good luck, good energy! - It's like we're in a spa.
Okay. Now, I have a gift for...
our chef to be.
What is this?
That's your all-around knife.
It's personalized!
My knife says "Super Janella."
I feel so professional now.
You feel confident.
I love it!
Chef J.
Chef J!